# HacksByLogout
Its a automatic PAYLOAD injector tools for kali linux powered by LogOut AKA Ethical Hacker.  ##First os all make install of all the files required during this process . you can directly do it by installation script i.e. install.sh on the main folder.  Run ./install.sh                                                                             OR  install the following packages 1. metasploit-framework 2. Android Debug Bridge(ADB) 3. Fastboot 4. colorama for python 5. Python3   Be sure to setup or place the HacksByLogout folder on root directory of system and not to touch or edit any files or it may cause you to stop working.  Steps You need to follow!!!!  (1) Just enter your IP of device. Note: you can check your ip using ifconfig command in terminal.  (2) Enter the port :  Note: I usually recommend using 8080, 4444, 5555 or any 4 digit number as a port since it is very necessary, you need to use the port .  (3) turn on usb debugging on your device and plug it for 10 seconds. Time depend upon your internet connection and system power.  (4) After the injection , it will automatic open msf console so that it will be easy for you.  (5) type the commands given to you on opened terminal. After exploit just tap or launch the installed PAYLOAD for single time and you will be connected.     MAKING PAYLOAD SECURE!!! after connection just type the following command and hit enter.    hide_app_icon    this let you to hide your PAYLOAD and make it undetectable by user.   use help command to list the things you can do.                                                                   Copyright@HacksByLogOut
